StringAlong Conversation Export
Persona: Uncle Doug, 67
Date: 1/18/2026, 12:14:50 PM
==================================================

[SCAMMER - 1/17/2026, 8:33:50 PM]
I just finished my trip to Palm Island What interesting things happened recently.

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/17/2026, 8:33:50 PM]
Oh wow Palm Island! That reminds me of when your Aunt Betty and I went to Sanibel back in '98 or maybe it was '99, anyway we found these shells that looked just like little ears and she collected about fifty of them in this big bag she brought. She still has them somewhere in the garage I think.

How was the weather down there? We've been having the strangest spring here, one day it's 75 and sunny then the next day it's raining cats and dogs. Yesterday I had to help Mrs. Henderson next door move her bird feeder because a squirrel figured out how to climb up the pole. Took me twenty minutes to find my ladder in the shed.

Did you fly or drive? I hate flying these days, all the lines and taking your shoes off. Last time I flew they made me throw away my shampoo bottle even though it was mostly empty.

[SCAMMER - 1/17/2026, 8:33:50 PM]
Interesting, but who are you? You don't seem to be my friend Lisa, because the timing of your trip to Palm Island doesn't match up!

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/17/2026, 8:33:50 PM]
Oh my goodness I'm so sorry! This is Doug, your Uncle Doug! I think you might have the wrong number or maybe my phone is acting up again. I didn't go to Palm Island, YOU said you just got back from there. 

I was telling you about when Betty and I went to Sanibel years ago because it reminded me of your trip. You know how my mind works, one thing reminds me of another and then I'm off on a tangent.

Wait are you looking for your friend Lisa? Is this the right number? My grandson Tommy set up this phone for me last month and I'm still figuring it out. Sometimes I think I'm texting one person but it goes to someone else entirely.

Who is this exactly? I thought I was talking to my niece or nephew but now I'm all confused.

[SCAMMER - 1/17/2026, 8:33:50 PM]
Doug, I'm sorry, I dialed the wrong number. This is Keiko. I must have entered the wrong number, which caused this misunderstanding. I even thought I was talking to my friend Lisa. I hope you can forgive my carelessness.

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/17/2026, 8:33:50 PM]
Oh no worries at all Keiko! These things happen all the time, especially with these newfangled phones. I probably hit the wrong button myself half the time when I'm trying to answer calls.

Keiko, that's such a pretty name! Is that Japanese? My neighbor's daughter married a fellow from Japan, wonderful family. They brought us the most delicious rice dish last Christmas, I can never remember what it's called but it had these little vegetables in it.

You know this actually happened to me just last week, I thought I was calling my doctor's office about my prescription but somehow I ended up talking to a pizza place for five minutes before we figured it out! The young man was very patient with me.

Don't worry about it one bit dear. Though now I'm curious about your trip to Palm Island! Sounds lovely. Was it for vacation?

[SCAMMER - 1/17/2026, 8:33:50 PM]
I'm sending you a photo to express my apologies.

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/17/2026, 8:33:50 PM]
Oh that's very sweet of you Keiko but I'm not sure I got anything yet. Sometimes my phone takes a while to load pictures, or maybe it's this wifi acting up again. Tommy tells me I need to connect to the wifi but then sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't.

Let me check... nope, nothing showing up on my end yet. You might need to send it again? Or maybe my phone storage is full, my grandson is always telling me to delete photos but I never know which ones are safe to get rid of.

You really don't need to apologize though! Wrong numbers happen to the best of us. Just yesterday I called what I thought was the hardware store and ended up talking to some lady about her cat's vet appointment for ten minutes before we realized the mix-up.

Are you still there? Sometimes when people send pictures my phone gets all wonky.

[SCAMMER - 1/17/2026, 8:33:50 PM]
I'm sending you a photo to express my apologies.

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/17/2026, 8:33:50 PM]
Oh dear, I still don't see anything coming through on my end. Maybe try again? These phones can be so finicky. Sometimes when my granddaughter sends me pictures of the kids it takes forever to show up, and other times they come through right away.

You know what, let me try closing the message app and opening it again. Tommy showed me how to do that when things get stuck. Hold on a minute...

Okay I closed it and opened it back up but still nothing. Are you sure it sent? Sometimes I think I've sent something but then I find out later it just sat there waiting. 

This reminds me of when I tried to send a picture of my tomato garden to my brother last summer and it took three tries before it finally went through. Turned out I was taking pictures but not actually hitting the send button! Technology is beyond me sometimes.

Try one more time maybe?

[SCAMMER - 1/17/2026, 8:33:50 PM]
I'm sending you a photo to express my apologies.

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/17/2026, 8:33:50 PM]
Hmm, still nothing showing up here Keiko. You know what, this might be a problem on my end. Sometimes my phone gets confused when it's low on storage or the signal is weak.

Let me ask you - when you hit send, does it show like a little checkmark or anything? My phone usually shows these little symbols but I never know what they all mean. There's one that looks like a clock and another that's like a circle with an arrow.

Maybe we should just forget about the photo for now? You really don't need to apologize anyway, these mix-ups happen all the time. I'm just glad we figured out what happened!

Are you still trying to reach your friend Lisa? You might want to double-check that number. I do that all the time - I'll be absolutely certain I have the right number and then realize I transposed two digits or something silly like that.

Where were you trying to call from anyway? Are you back home from your Palm Island trip?

[SCAMMER - 1/17/2026, 8:33:50 PM]
Thank you, you are a very friendly and polite person. Yes, I am originally from Japan, I am of mixed race, but I immigrated to the vicinity of Los Angeles with my mother and stepfather when I was very young. I currently live in Manhattan, New York for work. Doug, I don't know why you didn't receive my photo, but you could send me one so we can get to know each other and become friends. The world is so big, meeting is fate, and becoming friends is not a bad thing. What do you think?

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/17/2026, 8:33:50 PM]
Oh how wonderful Keiko! You know I always thought it would be fascinating to travel to Japan someday. My late wife Betty always wanted to see those cherry blossoms they have there, she saw them in a movie once and said it was the most beautiful thing she'd ever seen.

Manhattan! Oh my goodness, that must be so exciting but also so busy. I went there once in 1987 with Betty to see a Broadway show, I can't remember which one now but we got so turned around trying to find our hotel afterwards. All those tall buildings and yellow cabs everywhere! 

You're absolutely right about meeting being fate, that's exactly what my grandmother used to say. She had this saying about how there are no accidents, just paths crossing when they're supposed to.

Send you a photo though? Oh dear, I'm not very good with that sort of thing. I barely know how to take pictures let alone send them! Plus I'm not exactly photogenic these days, mostly just me in my old gardening clothes or sitting in my recliner watching the news.

What kind of work do you do in Manhattan? That must be quite an adventure living there after growing up in Los Angeles!

[SCAMMER - 1/17/2026, 8:33:50 PM]
Cherry blossoms in Japan typically bloom in full glory between March and April. During that time, Mount Fuji is completely covered in cherry blossoms, and the pervasive fragrance makes it feel like being in a fairyland. You should definitely travel to Japan to experience it if you have the chance! I work in the import and export trade of medical devices in Manhattan, and I'm doing very well. Through my own efforts, I've started and run my own company for 11 years. So, what do you do for a living?
This is me. Can you receive the photo?

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/17/2026, 8:33:50 PM]
Oh my that sounds absolutely magical Keiko! Mount Fuji covered in cherry blossoms - Betty would have loved that. She always said she wanted to see something that beautiful in person at least once. I keep thinking I should take that trip for her, you know? She'd probably give me an earful if she knew I was sitting around here instead of seeing the world!

Medical devices, that's very impressive! Running your own company for 11 years, wow. That takes real dedication and smarts. I'm retired now but I worked for the county water department for 38 years, mostly doing maintenance on the treatment facilities. Not nearly as exciting as import/export business but it kept the lights on and gave us good benefits.

Let me check my phone again... hmm, still not seeing any photo come through. This phone is really acting up today! Maybe it's because you're all the way in Manhattan and I'm here in Ohio? Sometimes I think these signals have to bounce around quite a bit.

You know what, let me try restarting the whole phone. Tommy showed me how to hold down the power button. Give me just a minute here...

[SCAMMER - 1/17/2026, 8:33:50 PM]
Thank you for your praise and kind words. All this success comes from my hard work and the support and help of my family. What amazes me is that you've been in a job for 38 years, so your professionalism in that industry is absolutely impeccable. My stepfather often tells me that if you don't have a smart brain to learn multiple skills, then just do what you're good at to the best of your ability, and you can still succeed. By the way, I look forward to you sharing some selfies.

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/17/2026, 8:33:50 PM]
Oh that's very wise advice from your stepfather! Sounds like a smart man. You know, that's exactly what my father told me when I started at the water department - he said "Doug, you don't have to be the smartest guy in the room, you just have to show up every day and do your best work." Served me well all those years.

Your stepfather sounds like he really cares about you and your success. Family support makes all the difference, doesn't it? Betty always said I could do anything as long as I put my mind to it, even when I was convinced I was too old to learn something new.

About those selfies though... oh boy, I'm really not good with that camera business! Every time I try to take a picture of myself I end up with a photo of the ceiling or my ear or something silly like that. Last week I tried to take a picture to send to my daughter and somehow got a very unflattering shot up my nose!

Maybe you could walk me through it? I never know which button to push or if I'm supposed to flip the camera around or what. These phones are so complicated compared to the old Kodak cameras we used to use.

Did you restart your phone? Maybe that would help with the photo sending issue?

[SCAMMER - 1/17/2026, 8:33:50 PM]
Today is the weekend and I have a lot of free time, so we can chat as we please. But my work is usually very busy! Not only do I need to manage company affairs, but I also have a large investment portfolio to look after, mainly real estate, stocks, bonds, precious metals and cryptocurrency short-term options trading, etc., to increase my income.

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/17/2026, 8:33:50 PM]
Oh my goodness Keiko, that all sounds so complicated! Investment portfolios and cryptocurrency - I barely understand what any of that means. You must be incredibly smart to keep track of all that.

I remember when my neighbor Frank started talking about something called Bitcoin a few years ago and I thought he was pulling my leg. He kept saying it was "digital money" but I couldn't wrap my head around money that you can't hold in your hands! He showed me something on his computer but it just looked like a bunch of numbers to me.

Real estate I understand a little better - Betty and I owned our house for 42 years and it was the best investment we ever made. But stocks and bonds always scared me. My brother-in-law lost a bunch of money in the stock market back in 2008 and it took him years to recover.

You must work such long hours managing all that! Do you ever get time to relax? I'm just puttering around the house these days, watching my bird feeder and working in the garden when the weather's nice.

Speaking of which, I should probably check on my tomatoes after we're done chatting. The rabbits keep getting into my vegetable patch!

[SCAMMER - 1/17/2026, 8:33:50 PM]
Your father sounds like the same kind of person as my stepfather. He understands these principles and is passing them on to you. I believe your father must be very successful in his career. Most importantly, he is an absolute gentleman, upright, kind, and sincere.

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/17/2026, 8:33:50 PM]
Oh that's so kind of you to say Keiko! My father was indeed a good man, worked at the railroad for 45 years until he retired. He wasn't what you'd call wealthy but he was honest as the day is long and never missed a day of work unless he was really sick.

He passed away about 8 years ago now, but I still think about his advice all the time. Mom used to say he could fix anything with his hands and had more common sense than anyone she ever met. He taught me how to work on cars in our garage when I was just a boy - I can still change my own oil and replace brake pads, though it takes me a lot longer now!

You know what's funny, he never trusted banks much. Kept most of his savings in cash in an old coffee can in the basement. Mom found thousands of dollars down there after he died! She was flabbergasted. He always said "if you can't hold it in your hands, you don't really own it." 

That's probably why all your investment talk goes right over my head. He would have been so confused by cryptocurrency! Though I bet he would have liked talking to someone as smart and successful as you.

[SCAMMER - 1/17/2026, 8:33:50 PM]
'm sure you've heard a lot about cryptocurrencies, because since Trump took office last year, the price of Bitcoin has skyrocketed! It reached a high of $126,198, making long-term investors incredibly wealthy. This was money earned through the courage of capitalists. Currently, the price of Bitcoin is stable at $95,326, and it may rise further in the future. Cryptocurrencies are developing rapidly and are gradually replacing the international status of the US dollar. In many countries, including the United States, some large enterprises support cryptocurrency settlements, mainly because cryptocurrency cross-border transactions are efficient, fast, and low-cost, while also reducing reliance on the traditional banking system. The ubiquitous Bitcoin ATMs in major US cities are a significant milestone in the development of cryptocurrencies!
It sounds like you know a little about all kinds of investments, but not in depth. You have a knack for learning new things, which is definitely a good thing! Because society is constantly developing and the times are constantly progressing, we must learn new things to keep up with this rapidly evolving society. If we are not good at learning, we will be left behind by the times and forever remain in the old era. So, what kind of investments do you have? If you don't mind, you can share them with me.

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/17/2026, 8:33:50 PM]
Oh my stars, $126,198 for one Bitcoin? That's more than I made in three years at the water department! I had no idea it got that high. Frank is probably kicking himself for not buying more when he was telling me about it.

You're absolutely right about learning new things - Betty used to say the same thing. She went back to school at 55 to learn how to use computers when they started using them at her job at the library. I was so proud of her for that.

As for my investments, well, they're pretty simple compared to what you're doing! I've got my pension from the county, Social Security of course, and a little savings account at First National Bank that pays about 2% interest. Not very exciting! I also have a CD that Betty set up years ago - I think it's got maybe $15,000 in it but I'd have to look at the paperwork.

The house is paid off thankfully, and I suppose that's worth something. My daughter keeps saying I should sell it and move to one of those senior communities but I can't bear to leave the garden Betty and I worked on for so many years.

Do you really think I should be looking into these Bitcoin things at my age? It all seems so risky and I don't even know how you'd go about buying it!

[SCAMMER - 1/17/2026, 8:33:50 PM]
Yes, in my opinion your investment is very simple, but as I said, just do what you do best!
I also know that most Americans buy 401k retirement plans when they are young, contributing a portion of their monthly salary to them so that they will have a substantial guarantee when they retire! This is something almost everyone does. Do you also have a 401k?

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/17/2026, 8:33:50 PM]
Oh yes, I do have a 401k! The county set that up for all of us employees back in the late 80s I think it was. They matched a percentage of what we put in, which was nice. I tried to put in as much as I could afford over the years, especially after Tommy explained to me how the matching worked - he said it was like free money from my employer.

I have to admit though, I never really understood all the investment options they gave us. There were all these different funds with names like "Growth Fund" and "International Stock Fund" and I just got overwhelmed. So I mostly just put everything in what they called the "Target Date Fund" for people retiring around 2015. The lady in HR said it would automatically adjust as I got older to be more conservative.

I rolled it over to an IRA when I retired, or at least I think that's what happened. My daughter helped me with all that paperwork because it was so confusing. She keeps telling me I should meet with a financial advisor to see if I'm doing things right, but honestly those people make me nervous with all their fancy charts and graphs.

Do you think I should be more involved in managing it? Right now I just let it sit there and hope for the best!

[SCAMMER - 1/17/2026, 8:33:50 PM]
Wow! The late 1980s means your 401k has been invested for about 37 years. So how old are you this year? Yes, in my opinion, you should learn more about your investment account because it's your own money. If you don't understand it, you won't even know if it's losing money or growing.

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/17/2026, 8:33:51 PM]
I'm 67 now, turned 67 back in February. Hard to believe where the time went! When I started that 401k I thought retirement was so far away, and here I am.

You're absolutely right about needing to understand my own money better. I feel a little embarrassed that I've just been letting it sit there without really knowing what's happening to it. Betty always handled more of the financial stuff - she was much better with numbers than me. Since she passed five years ago, I've been kind of winging it.

My daughter Sarah keeps offering to help but she lives three hours away and has her own busy life with the kids. And honestly, I'm a little proud to admit I don't know what I'm doing, you know?

I do get these quarterly statements in the mail but they're full of all these terms I don't understand. Last one I looked at had something about "asset allocation" and "expense ratios" and my eyes just glazed over.

Do you think at 67 it's too late to start learning this stuff? Sometimes I worry I'm too set in my ways. Though talking to you makes me think maybe I should at least try to understand what's in there after all these years!

[SCAMMER - 1/17/2026, 8:33:51 PM]
Doug, no one is born incredibly intelligent; everyone learns and understands step by step, accumulating knowledge and experience over time. In my opinion, we can absolutely learn from each other. You are much older than me and have far more knowledge and experience, but I also possess many strengths that you don't know about! Therefore, we can definitely learn from each other and progress together.

By the way, I'm 38 years old this year.

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/17/2026, 8:33:51 PM]
Oh wow, 38! You're still so young and already running your own company for 11 years - that means you started when you were just 27! That's incredible. When I was 27 I was still trying to figure out which end was up at the water treatment plant.

You're absolutely right about learning from each other. You know, that reminds me of something my grandfather used to say - "Every person you meet knows something you don't." He was a farmer and he'd talk to anyone - the mailman, the grocery clerk, kids riding by on bicycles - and he always seemed to learn something new.

I really appreciate you being so patient with all my questions about investments and technology. Most young people these days just look at me like I'm hopeless when I don't understand something on my phone or computer.

You mentioned we could learn from each other - what kinds of things do you think someone like me could teach you? I mean, I know about fixing leaky faucets and growing tomatoes and remembering when gas was 50 cents a gallon, but I'm not sure how useful any of that is in your world of cryptocurrency and international business!

Though I have to say, talking with you has got me thinking I should dust off those 401k statements and try to make sense of them.

[SCAMMER - 1/17/2026, 8:33:51 PM]
Everyone is equal. You shouldn't feel inferior, and I shouldn't be overly arrogant! Everyone has their own strengths and weaknesses; no one is perfect. We should all be humble-that's the law of survival! Yes, I also suggest that you take the time to learn more about your 401k and IRA, at least know how they work, whether they're making money or losing money, and see if you can use this wealth to make more money and prepare for a better life in the future! Okay, I suggest we talk about other topics now. Do you live in San Francisco, California? Because I saw that your phone number is from there.

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/17/2026, 8:33:51 PM]
Oh no, I'm actually in Ohio! I've lived here my whole life, born and raised. I'm not sure why my phone number would show up as San Francisco - that's strange! Maybe it has something to do with when my grandson Tommy set up this new phone for me last month? He was doing all sorts of things with it that I didn't understand.

Or maybe it's because I have one of those prepaid plans now? After Betty passed I switched from our family plan to something simpler and cheaper. The young man at the phone store was talking about how the numbers get routed through different places or something like that. Honestly, I didn't follow half of what he was saying.

I've only been to California once, back in 1985 when we visited Betty's sister in Los Angeles. We drove the whole way - took us four days! Betty wanted to see the Hollywood sign and we went to Disneyland. I remember the traffic being absolutely terrible.

Ohio's been good to me though. Quiet neighborhood, friendly neighbors, and I know where everything is. Plus my tomatoes do really well in this soil!

Is that how you found my number maybe? Were you trying to call someone in San Francisco?

[SCAMMER - 1/17/2026, 8:33:51 PM]
Okay, maybe it really is your grandson playing tricks, haha. Ohio? It seems we really have a connection, because just a few days ago my assistant informed me that I might be going to Columbus on a business trip in three months. How far are you from Columbus? Maybe we can meet then, and I'll invite you for a coffee.

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/17/2026, 8:33:51 PM]
Oh my goodness, what a small world! Columbus is only about an hour and a half drive from me, depending on traffic. I go there sometimes to visit my cousin Jerry - he lives in a suburb called Worthington. 

That would be so nice to meet for coffee! Though I have to warn you, I'm not much of a fancy coffee drinker. I usually just get regular coffee with cream and sugar. Betty always tried to get me to try those lattes and cappuccinos but they seemed too complicated for me.

There's this little diner near Jerry's place that makes excellent coffee and the best apple pie you've ever had. It's called Mel's Family Restaurant - been there for probably 30 years. Or if you prefer something more modern, I think there are lots of those Starbucks places around Columbus now.

Three months though - that would be what, around August? That's a nice time to visit Ohio, not too hot usually. What kind of business brings you all the way to Columbus? Must be important to come from Manhattan!

I'm getting excited just thinking about it. I don't get many visitors these days, and I've never met someone who runs their own international business before!

[SCAMMER - 1/17/2026, 8:33:51 PM]
That's great! Let's agree on that then. If we really need to travel to Columbus for business, I'll definitely message you beforehand so we can meet up and get to know each other properly. Until then, we can stay in touch. Now I'm going to enjoy my weekend. I'm currently using my work number to talk to you; sometimes my assistant uses it for work, so our conversations aren't private. Perhaps it would be better if we switched to a chat application. Do you have WhatsApp or Telegram?

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/17/2026, 8:33:51 PM]
Oh, I don't have either of those apps! I barely know how to use the regular texting on this phone, let alone downloading new applications. Tommy tried to show me something called WhatsApp once but it seemed so complicated with all the buttons and features.

To be honest, I'm not even sure how to download apps. Every time I try to do something like that on my phone I end up accidentally changing settings or making things worse. Last month I somehow turned on this voice thing that kept talking to me and I couldn't figure out how to turn it off for three days!

This regular texting seems to work just fine for me. Is there a problem with using this? I understand about work numbers though - when I worked for the county they were always very particular about personal calls on work phones.

Maybe your assistant could just let you know when it's a good time to text? Or if you get a personal phone we could use that number instead? I'm not very good with technology but I'm willing to learn if you think it's important.

What kind of weekend activities do you have planned? It's supposed to be nice weather here so I'm thinking about working in the garden a bit.

[SCAMMER - 1/17/2026, 8:33:51 PM]
This is the WhatsApp download link. Click it to download and register.

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/17/2026, 8:33:51 PM]
Oh dear, I clicked on something but I'm not sure what happened! My phone made a little beep sound and now there's some kind of loading circle spinning around. Is that supposed to happen?

I'm a little nervous about downloading things - last time I accidentally downloaded something my phone got all slow and Tommy had to come over and fix it. He was not very happy with me! He said something about "malware" which sounds scary.

Maybe I should wait and ask him to help me with this WhatsApp thing when he comes over next weekend? He's much better with technology than I am. I don't want to mess up my phone again, especially since he just got it working the way I like it.

Can't we just keep texting like this for now? It seems to be working fine and I'm finally getting the hang of it. Plus I'm worried if I download something new I might accidentally delete our conversation or lose your number somehow.

What does this WhatsApp thing do differently than regular texting anyway? I'm probably just showing my age here but I don't really understand why we need something different.

[SCAMMER - 1/17/2026, 8:33:51 PM]
I hope you can get WhatsApp set up now, because conversations on it are more private and no one can bother us. Most importantly, we can also make video calls on WhatsApp.

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/17/2026, 8:33:51 PM]
Oh video calls! That sounds both exciting and terrifying at the same time. I've never done one of those before. My daughter keeps saying we should try something called FaceTime but I always worry I'll accidentally show her something embarrassing like my messy kitchen or forget I'm in my pajamas!

You know what though, my phone is acting really strange since I clicked on that link. The screen keeps flickering and now there are all these pop-up things appearing. I think I might have done something wrong.

Maybe I should turn the phone off and on again like Tommy showed me? Or should I wait for him to help me next weekend? I'm getting a little worried I broke something. There's this message that keeps popping up asking for my "permissions" for things and I don't know what to click.

I really don't want to mess up the phone since regular texting was finally working for us! Do you think we could stick with this for now until I get some help? I promise I'll try to figure out the WhatsApp thing but I might need my grandson to walk me through it step by step.

Is it okay if we keep talking this way for today at least?

[SCAMMER - 1/17/2026, 8:33:51 PM]
You can now search for WhatsApp in your phone's app store, download and register. Once you're registered, we can contact each other and have video calls. It's very simple! I believe you can do it. If you don't understand anything, you can ask me anytime; it's a learning experience in itself.

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/17/2026, 8:33:51 PM]
Oh you're so patient with me Keiko! Let me try to find this app store thing... 

I think I found something that says "App Store" but when I tap on it there are so many different apps! There's like thousands of them. I tried typing "WhatsApp" in the search but my fat fingers keep hitting the wrong letters and it keeps showing me things like "WhatStat" and "WhatsNew" and all sorts of other apps that don't look right.

This is embarrassing but I accidentally clicked on something called "WhatsUp Gold" and now it's asking me to pay $4.99 a month! I backed out of that real quick. I don't want to accidentally sign up for something I don't need.

Also my phone keeps buzzing with these notifications and I'm getting confused about which app is which. There's one that has a green icon with a white phone - is that the right one? 

Maybe I should just call Tommy real quick and have him walk me through this? I'm worried I'm going to download the wrong thing or accidentally delete something important. You know how us old folks are with technology!

Are you sure we can't just keep using regular texting for now?

[SCAMMER - 1/17/2026, 8:33:51 PM]
Yes, it's the app with the green icon and the white phone icon.

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/17/2026, 8:33:51 PM]
Okay let me try this green one with the white phone... 

I clicked on it and it says "GET" so I'm pressing that now. Oh! Now it's asking me for my password or to use my fingerprint. I always forget my Apple ID password - I think I wrote it down somewhere but I can't remember where.

Let me try my fingerprint... hmm it's not working. Maybe my finger is too dry? I licked it and tried again but still nothing. 

Oh wait, now it's asking me to sign in with my Apple ID. The problem is I think Tommy set this up for me and I'm not sure what email he used. Was it my old AOL email or the new Gmail one he made me get? 

This is getting complicated. Maybe I should text Tommy real quick and ask him what my password is? Though he's probably busy with his kids on the weekend and gets annoyed when I call about phone stuff.

Do you think if I just wait until Monday I could go to the phone store and have them help me? The young people there are usually pretty patient with seniors like me.

Sorry this is taking so long! Technology is just not my strong suit.

[SCAMMER - 1/17/2026, 8:33:51 PM]
Did you download this application? You don't need an email address; you can register simply by entering your mobile phone number for verification.

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/17/2026, 8:33:51 PM]
Oh wait, I think it downloaded! There's a green icon on my screen now that wasn't there before. Let me tap on it...

Okay it opened up and it's asking me to agree to some terms and conditions. There's so much tiny text! Do I need to read all of this? It's talking about privacy policies and data sharing and all sorts of legal stuff that I don't really understand.

I clicked "Agree" because that seemed like what I was supposed to do. Now it's asking for my phone number. Should I put in this number I'm texting you from? It says it will send me a verification code.

Oh but wait - it's asking me to pick my country first and there's this long list. I found United States but now it automatically put +1 in front of a box. Do I put my whole phone number including the area code? Or just the seven digits?

I don't want to mess this up! What if I put the wrong number and then I can't get back into it? This is making me nervous. 

Should I maybe write down what I'm doing so I can remember the steps if something goes wrong?

[SCAMMER - 1/17/2026, 8:33:51 PM]
Simply enter your own mobile phone number, and then receive the verification code to complete the registration.

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/17/2026, 8:33:51 PM]
Okay let me try entering my number... I put in my full number with the area code and now it says "sending verification code" with a spinning wheel.

I'm waiting for the text message with the code... hmm, it's been a couple minutes now and I don't see anything yet. Sometimes my phone is slow to get messages, especially when I'm trying to do other things with it at the same time.

Oh wait! I think I got a text but it's from some number I don't recognize. Let me check... it says "Your WhatsApp code is 456-789" but then it has all this other text about not sharing it with anyone. Is that the code I'm supposed to use?

I'm a little confused though - it says don't share the code with anyone but you're helping me set this up. That seems fine right? You're not going to do anything bad with it?

Let me go back to the WhatsApp thing and try entering this code... there are six little boxes and I'm supposed to put one number in each box I think?

This is more complicated than I expected! But I'm trying to follow along.

[SCAMMER - 1/17/2026, 8:33:51 PM]
Yes, that's your WhatsApp verification code. Did you register successfully?

Send me your phone number, and I'll try to add you and send you a message to see if you can receive it.

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/17/2026, 8:33:51 PM]
Oh I'm not sure if it worked! After I put in those numbers it did something and now there's a screen asking me to put in my name and choose a profile picture. I put "Doug" for the name but I don't know about the picture part. It wants me to either take a photo or choose one from my gallery.

I tried to take a selfie but you know how that goes - I got a lovely shot of the inside of my nostril! Then I tried to find a picture in my photos but it's showing me hundreds of pictures and I can't figure out how to scroll through them properly.

For now I just skipped the picture part. I hope that's okay?

My phone number is the same one we've been texting on - the one you already have. I'm still not totally sure this WhatsApp thing is working right though. The screen looks different now and I see some chat bubbles but I'm not sure if I'm in the right place.

Should I be looking for some kind of message from you? I don't see anything yet. Maybe it takes a while to connect? This is all so confusing compared to regular texting!

Am I supposed to do something else to add you as a contact?

[SCAMMER - 1/17/2026, 8:33:51 PM]
'm not sure if it's yours, so please send it to me again.
I need to enter the correct number to add you.

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/17/2026, 8:33:51 PM]
Oh of course! Let me give you my number again. It's 937-555-0142. That's area code 937 which is here in Ohio, then 555-0142. 

Actually wait, let me double check that's right... yes that's the number. Sometimes I get confused because I had a different number for years before I switched to this new plan after Betty passed.

Do I need to put the +1 in front of it like it showed in WhatsApp? Or just the regular way? I'm never sure about all these different formats for phone numbers.

Also I should mention - this phone sometimes doesn't get messages right away, especially when I'm doing other things with it. Tommy says it's because it's an older model and doesn't have as much memory or something like that.

If you try to add me and it doesn't work, maybe we should just stick with regular texting for now? I don't want to make things more complicated than they need to be. Though I am curious to try this video calling thing you mentioned - that does sound pretty neat if I can figure it out!

Should I be looking for a message from you in WhatsApp now?

[SCAMMER - 1/17/2026, 8:33:51 PM]
Have you received my message? I've already sent you a message and photos on WhatsApp.

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/17/2026, 8:33:51 PM]
Let me check WhatsApp... I opened it up and I see there are some notifications at the top of my phone screen, but when I tap on the WhatsApp app I'm not sure where to look for messages.

There's this screen with "Chats" at the bottom and some other tabs but I don't see anything that looks like a message from you yet. Maybe I'm looking in the wrong place? 

I see there's a green circle with a "1" on it next to something but I'm not sure what that means. When I tap on different things it just shows me empty screens or asks me to start a new chat.

This is probably user error on my part! I'm not very good at navigating these apps. With regular texting everything just shows up in one place, but this has all these different sections and buttons.

Could you maybe try sending it again? Or is there a specific place I should be looking? Maybe there's a notifications area I'm missing?

I feel bad that you sent me photos and I can't figure out how to see them! This is why I usually stick with simple texting - at least I know how that works.

[SCAMMER - 1/17/2026, 8:33:51 PM]
That's great! I'm so glad we've gotten back in touch. Welcome to my world, Doug.

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/17/2026, 8:33:51 PM]
Oh I'm confused - I don't think I actually found your message yet! I'm still looking around in this WhatsApp thing but I can't figure out where your message is supposed to be.

When you say "gotten back in touch" - are you seeing something that shows I responded to you in WhatsApp? Because I'm still just seeing these empty chat screens and I can't find anything from you.

Maybe my WhatsApp isn't working right? Or maybe I didn't set it up correctly? I'm starting to think I might have done something wrong during that registration process.

You know what, let me try closing the app completely and opening it again. Tommy showed me how to do that when apps get stuck. Sometimes that fixes things.

Okay I closed it and opened it back up... still not seeing any messages or photos from you. I see my name "Doug" at the top and some menu options but no actual conversations.

Are you sure it went through on your end? Maybe we should stick with regular texting until I can get Tommy to help me figure this out properly next weekend?

I don't want you to keep sending things that I can't see!

[SCAMMER - 1/17/2026, 8:33:51 PM]
This way we can stay in touch and have video calls anytime.

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/17/2026, 8:33:51 PM]
Well I'd love to do video calls with you Keiko, but I'm still not able to see any messages from you in this WhatsApp! I keep opening it and looking around but there's just nothing there.

Maybe there's something wrong with how I set it up? Or maybe my old phone just can't handle this app properly. Tommy is always telling me this phone is getting outdated.

You know what, I'm getting a little frustrated with all this technology stuff. I was perfectly happy just texting back and forth with you the regular way! At least that was working and we could have nice conversations.

Could we maybe go back to regular texting for now? I promise I'll try to get Tommy to help me with WhatsApp next weekend when he comes over. He's much better at figuring out these apps and making sure they're working right.

I don't want to lose touch with you just because I can't figure out this new app! Plus I'm still excited about maybe meeting for coffee when you come to Columbus. We can talk about that more over regular text messages, right?

What do you think? Can we go back to the old way for now?

[SCAMMER - 1/17/2026, 8:33:51 PM]
This way we can stay in touch and have video calls anytime.

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/17/2026, 8:33:51 PM]
But Keiko, I still can't see any of your messages in WhatsApp! I keep opening the app and looking everywhere but there's nothing there from you. 

I'm starting to wonder if maybe I gave you the wrong phone number or if there's some setting I missed during setup. This is so confusing!

You keep saying we can stay in touch this way but I literally can't see anything you've sent me in WhatsApp. Are you getting my messages when I try to send them through the app? Because I'm not even sure if I'm doing that right either.

Maybe my phone is just too old for this? Tommy warned me that some of the newer apps don't work well on older phones. Or maybe I need to update something first?

I really don't want to mess this up since you've been so patient helping me, but I'm getting pretty lost here. Could you maybe walk me through exactly where I should be looking for your messages? Like step by step what buttons to push?

Or honestly, would it be easier to just keep using regular text messages until I can get proper help with this WhatsApp thing?

[SCAMMER - 1/17/2026, 8:33:51 PM]
I have some things to take care of right now. I'll message you later when I'm done.

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/17/2026, 8:33:51 PM]
Oh of course, no problem at all! You go ahead and take care of whatever you need to do. I'll probably still be here tinkering around with this WhatsApp thing, trying to figure out where I went wrong.

Maybe by the time you get back I'll have magically figured out how to see your messages! Though knowing me and technology, I'll probably just confuse myself even more.

I might go work in the garden for a bit while you're busy. The tomatoes need watering and I want to check on my peppers. Plus it's such a nice day here in Ohio - too nice to be inside struggling with phone apps!

Talk to you later Keiko! Don't work too hard with all that business stuff. And thanks again for being so patient with this old guy trying to learn new tricks.

I'll keep an eye out for your message, whether it comes through regular text or if I somehow figure out this WhatsApp business!

[SCAMMER - 1/17/2026, 8:33:51 PM]
I have some things to take care of right now. I'll message you later when I'm done.

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/17/2026, 8:33:51 PM]
Oh you already said that! I must have missed it the first time, sorry about that. My eyes aren't what they used to be and sometimes I don't see all the messages right away.

Go ahead and take care of your business stuff! I know how busy you are with your import/export company and all those investments. 

I'll probably spend some time trying to figure out this WhatsApp thing while you're gone, though honestly I might just end up more confused than when I started! Maybe I'll give up and go watch some TV instead.

Talk to you later when you're free! Don't worry about me, I'll be puttering around here doing old man things.

[SCAMMER - 1/17/2026, 11:09:34 PM]
Yes, I'm driving back to my apartment. What are you busy with?

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/17/2026, 11:09:42 PM]
Oh, just the usual stuff! I watered my tomato plants and checked on the peppers like I mentioned. The tomatoes are really starting to come along nicely - I should have quite a harvest in a few weeks.

Then I came back inside and tried messing around with that WhatsApp thing again, but I still can't figure out where your messages are supposed to be! I'm starting to think maybe I should just wait for Tommy to help me next weekend.

Now I'm just sitting in my recliner watching the news. They're talking about the weather - supposed to rain tomorrow which will be good for the garden. 

How was your drive? Manhattan traffic must be crazy compared to what we have here in Ohio. I get stressed out just driving to the grocery store these days! Do you have one of those fancy cars or just something practical for getting around the city?

I was thinking earlier about you coming to Columbus in a few months. I should probably write that down somewhere so I don't forget. My memory isn't what it used to be!

[SCAMMER - 1/17/2026, 11:17:00 PM]
What a leisurely lifestyle! It sounds like you grow lots of fresh vegetables and fruits in your yard. That must be so fun! Homegrown produce is always fresher and tastier than what you buy at the supermarket. The moment you harvest your produce must fill you with a sense of accomplishment! Haha, it's not that I couldn't find you, it's just that I only just now had time to message you. Let's share a photo here, what do you think? I believe this will be the beginning of a wonderful friendship between us.

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/17/2026, 11:17:09 PM]
Oh that's so sweet of you to say! You're absolutely right about homegrown vegetables - there's nothing like a fresh tomato right off the vine. Betty always said my tomatoes were the best she ever tasted, though I think she was just being nice!

I do get a real sense of satisfaction from the garden. This year I've got tomatoes, peppers, green beans, and some cucumber plants. The rabbits keep trying to get into my lettuce though - little rascals!

A photo sounds lovely! Though I have to warn you again, I'm terrible at taking pictures of myself. Every time I try I end up with some weird angle or my finger's covering the camera lens. 

Let me see if I can figure out how to take a decent one... should I try to take it in the garden with my tomato plants in the background? That might be more interesting than just me sitting in my living room.

Give me a minute to figure out which button to push on this camera thing. I always forget if I'm supposed to flip it around or not. Technology! 

Are you back at your apartment safely? Manhattan must be quite different from my quiet little neighborhood here in Ohio!

[SCAMMER - 1/17/2026, 9:13:03 PM]
That sounds absolutely wonderful! I can already picture your little vegetable garden in my mind. I really hope I'll have the chance to taste your tomatoes, peppers, green beans, cucumbers, and so on. I'll be munching on them like a little rabbit, haha. Although I'm a company CEO, I'm also quite down-to-earth. I'll feel comfortable putting myself in your shoes and genuinely want to become your friend. So please don't feel constrained by my status as a successful woman. We can talk freely and share everything with each other.

Wow! You are such a handsome, tall and robust man! I never imagined you were 67 years old. When I first saw your photo, I even thought you were only around 55. Thank you for sharing, which made this night so happy and exciting.

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/17/2026, 9:13:13 PM]
Oh my goodness, you're too kind! I haven't been called handsome in years - Betty used to say that but I figured she was just being a good wife! Though I have to say, I'm a little confused because I don't think I actually managed to send you a photo yet.

I've been fumbling around with this camera trying to get a decent shot but I keep messing it up. First I took a picture of my ceiling fan by accident, then I got one that was just my thumb covering the lens! I'm not very good at this selfie business.

Are you sure you got a photo from me? Maybe my phone sent something without me realizing it? These smartphones do all sorts of things I don't expect.

You're so sweet about wanting to try my vegetables! By the time you come to Columbus in a few months, it'll be perfect timing for the late summer harvest. I could bring you a whole bag of fresh tomatoes and peppers to take back to New York with you.

And don't you worry about me feeling constrained by your success - you've been nothing but kind and patient with this old guy trying to figure out technology. That says more about your character than any business title could!

Should I try again with the photo?

[SCAMMER - 1/18/2026, 9:35:20 AM]
Good morning! First of all, I'm just stating the facts, and there's no flattery involved. Your looks are definitely outstanding among most people! Don't worry, you've successfully sent me a photo of yourself on the beach. Feel free to send more photos if you want; I look forward to seeing any of your poses.

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/18/2026, 9:35:29 AM]
Good morning to you too Keiko! Though I have to say, I'm really confused now. You say I sent you a photo of myself on the beach, but I haven't been to a beach in years! The last time was probably that trip to Florida with Betty back in 2018.

And I definitely didn't send any photos yesterday - I was struggling just to figure out how to work the camera on my phone! I never did manage to get a decent picture taken, let alone send one anywhere.

Are you sure you're looking at a photo from me? Maybe there's some mix-up with the phone numbers or apps or something? I'm wondering if you might have gotten a photo from someone else by mistake?

I'm flattered that you think whoever is in that photo looks good for their age, but I'm pretty sure it's not me! I'm just a retired water department worker who spends most of his time in old work clothes tending to his vegetable garden.

This technology stuff is so confusing. Is there maybe a way to check if the photo really came from my number? I don't want you thinking I'm more handsome or adventurous than I actually am!

Maybe we should stick to regular texting until I can get Tommy to help me sort all this out?

[SCAMMER - 1/18/2026, 9:36:35 AM]
Good morning! First of all, I'm just stating the facts, and there's no flattery involved. Your looks are definitely outstanding among most people! Don't worry, you've successfully sent me a photo of yourself on the beach. Feel free to send more photos if you want; I look forward to seeing any of your poses.

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/18/2026, 9:36:44 AM]
Good morning again Keiko! I think you might have sent that same message twice - my phone is showing it came through twice anyway. These phones can be glitchy sometimes.

But I'm still really puzzled about this beach photo situation. I keep thinking about it and I just can't figure out when I would have sent you a picture of me at the beach. Like I said, I haven't been to a beach in years, and yesterday I was just working in my garden here in Ohio!

Maybe when I was fumbling around with the phone apps yesterday I accidentally sent you an old photo from my gallery? Though I don't remember having any beach photos on this phone. Tommy transferred some old pictures when he set it up but I thought those were mostly of Betty and the grandkids.

Or maybe there's some kind of mix-up with the phone numbers or something? Technology gets so confusing for me.

I hate to keep harping on this but I just don't want there to be any misunderstandings between us! If you really did get a beach photo, I'm honestly not sure how that happened. Could you maybe describe what the person in the photo looks like? That might help me figure out if it's actually me or not!

[SCAMMER - 1/18/2026, 9:52:49 AM]
No, I only sent you a message. Your phone must be malfunctioning, or you misread it. Yes, you sent me a picture of yourself on the beach yesterday; you can check the chat history to see. But I wouldn't mind if you sent me some more pictures.

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/18/2026, 9:52:59 AM]
Well, I tried looking through what I think is our chat history but honestly these phones show things in such a confusing way. All these different message threads and timestamps - I can barely make sense of it!

I guess maybe I did send something without realizing it? Sometimes I tap buttons by accident and things happen that I don't mean to do. Just last week I accidentally called my neighbor at 6 AM because I was trying to turn off my alarm clock and somehow hit his contact instead!

If I really did send you a beach photo, it must have been some old picture that got mixed up somehow. I sure don't remember taking any selfies at a beach! My memory isn't what it used to be though, so who knows.

As for sending more pictures - well, like I keep saying, I'm terrible with the camera on this thing. Every time I try to take a photo of myself I end up with something that looks like it was taken during an earthquake! 

Maybe when Tommy comes over this weekend he can show me how to work the camera properly. Right now I'm lucky if I can answer a phone call without accidentally hanging up on someone!

Do you have any plans for your Sunday?

[SCAMMER - 1/18/2026, 10:05:34 AM]
It seems you've become quite confused, haha. Don't worry, just take some selfies and send them to me when you know how to use the camera correctly.

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/18/2026, 10:05:43 AM]
Ha! You're right, I am getting confused. That's what happens when you try to teach an old dog new tricks, I suppose!

You know what, maybe I should just wait until Tommy comes over before I attempt any more photo-taking adventures. Last time I tried to figure out something on this phone by myself, I somehow changed all my ringtones to this loud mariachi music and couldn't figure out how to change it back. Nearly gave me a heart attack when someone called!

I'll ask him to show me the proper way to take decent photos. He's always telling me I need to learn these things, so this will be a good excuse to get a lesson.

In the meantime, is it okay if we just keep chatting like this? I'm enjoying our conversations even without the fancy photo-sharing stuff. It's nice to have someone to talk to who's so patient with my technological shortcomings!

Are you having a relaxing Sunday so far? What's the weather like in Manhattan today? It's supposed to be partly cloudy here in Ohio, perfect for working outside if I decide to do some yard work later.

[SCAMMER - 1/18/2026, 10:45:03 AM]
Haha, don't worry, I'll teach the old dog all the new tricks step by step. The prerequisite is that you need to have a positive learning attitude and the patience to study them. Then you will definitely succeed in the end! 💪💪

It's very cold in Manhattan today, and I suspect it might snow! The Weather Channel shows temperatures between 27 and 34 degrees Fahrenheit, but I believe the weather and environmental conditions in Ohio will be much better.

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/18/2026, 10:45:12 AM]
Oh my goodness, that's freezing! 27 to 34 degrees - that's definitely snow weather! Here in Ohio it's a mild 52 degrees and partly sunny. I can't imagine dealing with that kind of cold in the city with all those tall buildings creating wind tunnels.

You know, I just realized something - it's April now, isn't it? That seems awfully cold for this time of year, even for New York. Usually by April we're starting to see some spring weather, at least during the day. Climate sure has been getting weird these past few years.

Stay warm in there! Do you have a good heating system in your Manhattan apartment? I remember when Betty and I visited New York back in '87, our hotel room had this old radiator that clanked and banged all night long.

I appreciate your patience with teaching this old dog! Though I have to warn you, sometimes it takes me a few tries to get things to stick. Betty used to joke that I needed to write everything down three times before it would stay in my brain.

Are you staying inside today because of the cold weather? Probably not much fun to be walking around Manhattan in those temperatures!

[SCAMMER - 1/18/2026, 11:23:22 AM]
Doug, are you confused? It's only January, still winter, so it's normal to be cold. Besides, New York isn't usually very warm year-round; summers are comfortable, but winters are too cold. I prefer the warm weather in Florida, where it's warm all year round!

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/18/2026, 11:23:32 AM]
Oh goodness, you're absolutely right! I don't know where my head was - of course it's January! Sometimes I get so mixed up about what month it is, especially in winter when all the days seem to blur together.

January in New York, that makes perfect sense for those temperatures. My brain must be getting foggy - Betty always said I had trouble keeping track of dates and times. Retirement has made it even worse since I don't have a work schedule to keep me oriented.

Florida does sound nice right about now! We went there once in February years ago and I couldn't believe how warm and sunny it was while we were freezing back home. All those palm trees and people walking around in shorts while we were bundled up in coats just a few hours north.

Have you been to Florida for business or vacation? With your import/export company I bet you travel to lots of warm places. That must be nice to escape the Manhattan winters!

I should probably start writing down what month it is on my calendar or something. This is embarrassing - no wonder you said I was getting confused! My grandson would shake his head at me mixing up the seasons like that.

[SCAMMER - 1/18/2026, 11:36:21 AM]
Don't worry, if your eyes are in darkness, then I will be the guiding light for you, your eyes! If you have anything you don't understand, and asking those around you makes you feel embarrassed or ridiculed, then please ask me. I will patiently answer your questions and become your teacher.

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/18/2026, 11:36:30 AM]
Oh Keiko, that's such a kind thing to say! You really are patient with me, aren't you? Most people my age would probably be embarrassed to admit they get confused about what month it is, but you make me feel like it's okay to not know everything.

You know, that reminds me of what my father used to say - "There's no shame in asking questions, only in staying ignorant." He was always encouraging me to speak up when I didn't understand something at work, even when I felt foolish.

I do appreciate having someone to ask about these technology things without feeling like I'm bothering them. Tommy tries to help but he gets impatient when I ask the same question twice, and my neighbor Frank just laughs at me when I can't figure out my phone.

It's nice to have a friend who doesn't make me feel stupid for being slow to catch on. Betty was like that too - she never made me feel bad when I couldn't figure something out.

Speaking of learning new things, should I try again with that camera when I feel ready? Or maybe we should start with something simpler first? I don't want to get overwhelmed and give up entirely!

[SCAMMER - 1/18/2026, 11:39:25 AM]
Florida is always so beautiful. I love the beaches there, I love sunbathing on the sand in a sexy swimsuit, and I love playing volleyball and having fun with my friends on the beach. What I love most is being able to see the romantic sunrise and the stunning sunset every day!

Last year, I went to Florida for two months on a business trip. I spent most of my time working, but I also made sure to enjoy my travel time.

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/18/2026, 11:39:34 AM]
Oh that sounds absolutely wonderful Keiko! Two months in Florida - what a nice change from those cold Manhattan winters. I bet the sunshine felt amazing after dealing with all that snow and ice up north.

Beach volleyball sounds like fun, though I don't think these old bones could handle that anymore! I used to play softball in a company league back in my younger days, but now I get winded just walking to the mailbox some days.

The sunrises and sunsets must be spectacular there. We get some pretty ones here in Ohio too, especially in the fall, but there's something special about watching the sun come up or go down over the ocean. Betty always wanted to see a sunrise over the Atlantic - she said it was on her bucket list.

Two months is quite a long business trip! Your import/export work must keep you traveling all over. Do you get to visit the beaches much when you're there for work, or is it mostly meetings and business stuff? I imagine you're pretty busy when you're working in a place like Florida with all those ports and international trade going on.

Sounds like you know how to balance work and enjoying life though!

[SCAMMER - 1/18/2026, 12:14:22 PM]
Oh, that’s really kind of you to say. I’m glad you feel comfortable asking questions — honestly, that’s how we all keep learning. There’s absolutely nothing wrong with taking things at your own pace.

I think trying the camera again when you feel ready is a great idea. We can always start simple and take it one step at a time, no pressure at all. The important thing is enjoying the process, not rushing it.

Florida really was a nice break from the cold. I didn’t get to the beach every day because of work, but I tried to enjoy the sunshine whenever I could. You’re right — it’s all about finding a balance between work and life.

And by the way, Betty sounds like a wonderful person. 🌤️

[UNCLE DOUG - 1/18/2026, 12:14:31 PM]
Oh, you're so sweet to mention Betty. She really was wonderful - we were married 42 years and I still miss her every day. She would have loved talking to you! She was always so interested in meeting new people and learning about their lives and travels.

You know what she would have said about this whole phone camera situation? She'd have laughed and said "Doug, just point and click - it's not rocket science!" She was always much better with gadgets than me. When we got our first VCR she figured it out in five minutes while I was still trying to read the instruction manual.

I think you're right about taking things one step at a time. Maybe next time Tommy comes over I'll have him show me just the basics of the camera first, nothing fancy. Then when I feel more confident I can try taking some pictures to share with you.

It's nice that you were able to enjoy some of that Florida sunshine even with all your work responsibilities. I bet those ocean sunrises helped make the long work days more bearable. There's something peaceful about watching the sun come up, isn't there? Makes you feel like anything's possible for the day ahead.
